#summary Frequently asked questions
#labels Featured,General

== What is the purpose of jThinker project? ==
The purpose is to deliver a tool for computer-aided creation of thinking processes diagrams.

== What is "thinking processes" and "theory of constraints"? ==
There are several [http://code.google.com/p/jthinker/wiki/FurtherReading very good books] that contains all explanations of this kind.

== Is it just a graphical application for drawing boxes? ==
Of course no. The target is to create a system with many complex "helpers" that will assist in the creation of diagram. However, such work must be done atop a mature graphical software framework and so the majority of work now is done on improvements of graphical engine rather than on designing an automatic TOC-assistant. Nonetheless, most of this improvements are coming from feedback from the users, rather than on a "nice to have" basis.

== Who makes this software? ==
My name is Ivan Appel and I'm a software developer from Russia. You can contact me via [mailto:ivan.appel@gmail.com my e-mail]. Currently I'm the only software developer of this project by now. However, I'm not alone, several TOC practioners from all over the world are participating in the project development as advisors.

== How is Google related to all this stuff? ==
Google provides a useful facility of [http://code.google.com Google Code] to host an open-source project. I use it for jThinker. And there are no other connections to Google.

== Is your software free? ==
I do like *"Just pay me for the value of what you learn from me"* idea from Dr. Goldratt's *"The Goal"*. So, yes, I don't require users to pay anything in order to get a copy. If you find my software useful for your TOC-related work, you can pay me any amount of money you like.

== I've found a bug. How to report it? ==
You may either contact me directly via e-mail or use "Issues" section of project website.

== How can I help? ==
Well, there's a variety of ways.
First, if you are an experienced Java developer, you can join the development team. Contact me and we'll figure out, what can you do.

Second, if you are an experienced TOC practioner, you can send me some proposals on what improvements are really needed by TOC experts.

Third, if you want to encourage work by donating some money, you can [https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=559176 https://www.paypal.com/en_GB/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif] via PayPal. 