#summary Brief usage description

This is a brief description of what jThinker can do and
how to make him do it.

*How to create a new diagram?*

Pick "File" menu. Choose "new". Select the diagram type you want
to create.

*How to create a new statement on diagram?*

Right click on the diagram pane. Choose what kind of node you
want to add (the list of valid node kinds depends on the type of
the diagram). Enter the statement.

*How to remove a statement?*

Right click on the node. Choose "delete".

*How to move a statement?*

Click on the node. Drag it where you want.

*How to connect one statement to another?*

Right click on the node. Choose "link". Click on the other node.

*How to remove an arrow?*

Right click on it. Choose "delete".

*How to reverse an arrow?*

Right click on it. Choose "reverse".

*How to change statement's text, node color or tooltip comment?*

Right click on it. Choose "edit".

*How to enable or disable statement numbering on the diagram?*

Pick "Diagram Options" menu in the main menubar.
Select "Node numbering".

*How to make an arrow look "lightning-like" to denote conflict
on conflict resolution diagram?*

Click on the arrow, select "Conflict".

*How to export a diagram into a JPEG or PNG file?*

Pick "File" menu. Choose "Export to JPEG/PNG".

*How to arrange nodes into groups?*

First, create some groups by "Diagram Options > Node Groups
Management". Then, select a group by right click on a node
an selecting an appropriate group.

*How to remove a node from the group?*

Right click on the node, pick group. Select "Remove from
group" checkbox. Press "OK".

*How to delete a group of nodes?*

Open "Node groups management" window. Right click on
group's row. Select "Delete". Note, that it will delete
only group, nodes will remain intact.

*How to prevent nodes from overlapping one another?*

Select "Diagram Options > Diagram Layout > Suppress overlapping".

*How to allow nodes overlap one another?*

Select "Diagram Options > Diagram Layout > Off".
